Chore/add intro paragraph to docs.claudie.io (#1252)
berops/claudie: docs/index.md

# What is Claudie

> Claudie is a platform for managing multi-cloud and hybrid-cloud Kubernetes clusters with support for nodepools across different cloud-providers and on-premise data centers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Claudie is a platform for managing multi-cloud and hybrid-cloud Kubernetes clusters. These Kubernetes clusters can mix and match nodepools from various cloud providers, e.g. a single cluster can have a nodepool in AWS, another in GCP and another one on-premises. This is our opinionated way to build multi-cloud and hybrid-cloud Kubernetes infrastructure. On top of that Claudie supports Cluster Autoscaler on the managed clusters.
```
